In the last video, we added a couple of pipes, the uppercase pipe to transform the instance type and the
date type to transform the type
but as I mentioned at the end of the last video, it would be nice if we could configure a pipe because
this layout here, this way of displaying the date might not be the layout, the format of the data you
want to output. So it would be nice if we could parameterize a pipe
and we can. For example on the date here, we can add a parameter to configure the pipe by adding a
colon
and this is the case for any pipe, you configure it, you pass a parameter to it by adding a colon,
of course the pipe needs to be able to handle a parameter
and again I will come back to where to find out how these pipes work or what the built-in pipes do,
how they can be configured in a second. The date pipe can take a parameter and we simply add it
after this colon.
Now the date pipe expects to receive a string parameter,
so let's pass a string and there, you basically set up the date.
I'll come back to the options you have in a second,
now for the moment let's just enter fullDate, camel case,
so a capital D.
Let's save this and go back to our application and you see, now we get a better formatted date.
Now might still not be what you want but again I will come back to other options in a second,
it is what I like to see here and this is how easy you can parameterize a pipe. You can pass parameters
by simply adding a colon and then the parameter. As a side note, if you would have multiple parameters
here, you simply separate them with additional colons.
So the date pipe doesn't take an additional parameter but if it would, you could pass it by adding another
colon and then the second parameter.
Now with this basic functionality set, let's have a look at where you can learn more about the built-in
pipes and how you can configure them.
Let's dive into this in the next lecture.